.\"
." Copyright (c) 2010, Mark Bucciarelli <mark@crosscutmedia.com>
." 
." Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
." purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
." copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
." 
." THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
." WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
." MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
." ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
." WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
." ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
." OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
." 
.\"
.\"

.Dd September 30, 2010
.Dt EBSCP 1
.Os
.
.Sh NAME
.Nm ebscp
.Nd copy data to a Trac resource.
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm ebscp
.Ar data
.Op resource
.Sh DESCRIPTION
Copy the given 
.Ar data 
to the given 
.Ar resource .
For example, to book time to a ticket, 
.Ar data
would be the number of hours you worked, and the
.Ar resource
would be the ticket.  (See EXAMPLES section below for a specific example.)
.Pp
The default resource is 
.Nm clock .
.Pp
For ticket resources, you must be the owner of the ticket.
.Pp
The supported resources are:
.Ss clock
.Pp
Tool to assist accurate tracking of time.  It supports the following
data items:
." .Bl -enum -offset indent -compact
.Bl -enum -offset indent -compact
.It 
.Nm start
Clock in to a task.  Give the ticket number as the resource.  If clock
is already running for this task, output the elapsed time since the
clock started.  If clock is running for a different task, clock out of
the first task (booking the elapsed time to that ticket), and start the
clock running on the new ticket.
.It 
.Nm stop
Clock out of a task and book the elapsed time to the ticket.  If the
clock is not running, this has no effect.
.It 
.Nm clear
Stop the clock without booking time to a ticket.
.El
.Ss ticket/<ticket_number>/estimate
.Pp
Estimate how many hours it will take you to finish 
.Ar ticket_number .
.Pp
A new estimate overwrites the previous estimate.
.Ss ticket/<ticket_number>/hours/[YYYY-MM-DD]
.Pp
Book hours worked to
.Ar ticket_number .
.Pp
New hours do not overwrite previous hours, but are added to the total.
Negative hours are allowed.
.Pp
In order to book hours, the ticket must have an estimate.
.Pp
By default, hours are booked for today.  If you want to book time that
you worked on a previous day, use the optional
.Ar YYYY-MM-DD
argument.
.Ss ticket/<ticket_number>/minutes/[YYYY-MM-DD]
.Pp
Same as previous resource, but book the number of minutes to the
ticket.  The minutes are converted to hours and posted to the ticket.
.Ss ticket/<ticket_number>/status
.Pp
Change a ticket's status.  For this resource,
.Ar data
can either be 
.Dq closed
or 
.Dq reopened .
.Sh EXAMPLES
.Pp
Add 15 minutes to your total hours worked on ticket number 10.
.Pp
.Dl $ ebscp .25 ticket/10/hours
.Dl OK
.Pp
Close ticket 15.
.Pp
.Dl $ ebscp closed ticket/15/status
.Dl OK
.Pp
Start time clock running on ticket 896.
.Pp
.Dl $ ebscp start 896
.Dl https://example.com/ebs/mark/clock/896?data=start:
.Dl Started clock for ticket 896.
.Pp
A bit later, see how long we have been working on ticket 896.
.Pp
.Dl $ ebscp start 896
.Dl https://example.com/ebs/mark/clock/896?data=start:
.Dl Clock already running for ticket 896, started 0.46 hours ago.
.Pp
We're done, stop clock on this ticket.
.Pp
.Dl $ ebscp stop 896
.Dl https://example.com/ebs/mark/clock/896?data=stop:
.Dl Logged 0.462 hours to ticket 896
.Pp
Whoops, I forgot the clock was running!
.Pp
.Dl $ ebscp start 961
.Dl https://example.com/ebs/mark/clock/961?data=start:
.Dl Logged 0.307 hours to ticket 896, and started clock for ticket 961.
.Dl $ ebscp -0.307 ticket/896/hours
.Dl https://example.com/ebs/mark/ticket/896/hours?data=-0.307
.Dl OK
.Sh BUGS
.Pp
The method for keeping track of the current time clock state is a hack.
We use the magic wiki page name
.Dq EvidenceBasedSchedulingTimeClockPage
to store the current state.
.Pp
The semantics of adding hours versus setting an estimate are inconsistent.
When you copy a value to the ticket's hours resource, the hours are added.
But when you copy a value to the ticket's estimate (or status) resource,
the value is overwritten.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr ebsls 5
.Xr ebsconf 5
.Rs
.%A Joel Spolsky
.%T "Evidence Based Scheduling"
.%J "http://www.joelonsoftware.com/items/2007/10/26.html"
.%D 2007
.Re
