.\"
." Copyright (c) 2010, Mark Bucciarelli <mark@crosscutmedia.com>
." 
." Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
." purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
." copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
." 
." THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
." WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
." MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
." ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
." WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
." ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
." OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
." 
.\"
.\"

.Dd August 13, 2010
.Dt EBSCONF 5
.Os
.
.Sh NAME
.Nm ebsconf
.Nd ebsls configuration file
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm ~/.ebsconf
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Xr ebsls 1
obtains configuration data from the user's configuration file
.Pq Pa ~/.ebsconf .  
The configuration file has the following format:
.Pp
Empty lines and lines starting with
.Ql #
are comments.
Otherwise a line is of the format
.Dq keyword=value .
There must be no spaces around the equals sign.  If a keyword value includes 
any whitespace, the value must be enclosed in double quotes
.Pq \&" .
.Pp
The possible
keywords and their meanings are as follows (note that
both keywords and values are case-sensitive):
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Cm protocol
The protocol used to connect to Trac; for example, https.
.It Cm host
The host on which Trac is running.
.It Cm urlprefix
An url prefix to prepend to the resource before making the request
to Trac.  At a minimum, this should be 
.Dq ebs/ .
.It Cm user
The Trac user name.
.It Cm pass
The password for the Trac user.
.El
.Sh EXAMPLES
.Pp
.Dl $ cat > ~/.ebsconf
.Dl protocol=https
.Dl host=www.example.com
.Dl prefix=/trac/ebs
.Dl user=mark
.Dl pass=rover
.Dl ^D
.Dl $ chmod 400 ~/.ebsconf
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr ebsls 1
.Rs
.%A Joel Spolsky
.%T "Evidence Based Scheduling"
.%J "http://www.joelonsoftware.com/items/2007/10/26.html"
.%D 2007
.Re
