.\"
." Copyright (c) 2010, Mark Bucciarelli <mark@crosscutmedia.com>
."
." Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
." purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
." copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
."
." THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
." WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
." MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
." ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
." WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
." ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
." OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
."
." NOTE: to test, $cat ebsls.1 | man -l -
.\"

.Dd September 29, 2010
.Dt EBSLS 1
.Os
.
.Sh NAME
.Nm ebsls
.Nd list contents of an evidence-based scheduling resource in Trac
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm ebsls
.Op resource
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The output of
.Nm
depends on the
.Nm resource
specified.  The default resource is
.Nm tickets .
.Pp
The supported resources are listed below.
.Ss tickets
.Pp
List the tickets you own in Trac in order of priority (then ticket number).
.Pp
Only tickets with a status not equal to
.Dq closed
are listed.
Each row has the following space-delimited columns:
.Pp
.Bl -enum -offset indent -compact
.It
ticket id
.It
ticket summary
.El
.Ss fulltickets
.Pp
The id, summary, expected hours, actual hours, status and description
are printed out for each ticket you own that has a status other than
.Dq closed .
.Ss history
.Pp
List all closed tickets that were fixed.   Space-delimited columns in output
are:
.Pp
.Bl -enum -offset indent -compact
.It
ticket id
.It
ticket owner
.It
estimated hours
.It
actual hours
.It
velocity (estimate/actual)
.El
.Pp
Tickets with no actual hours are skipped.
.Ss log
.Pp
One row for time you posted time to a ticket.
Each row has the following tab-delimited columns:
.Pp
.Bl -enum -offset indent -compact
.It
ticket id
.It
the date you booked the hours to
.It
hours worked
.El
.Sh EXAMPLES
List your open tickets:
.Pp
.Dl $ ebsls
.Dl https://www.example.com/trac/ebs/mark/tickets:
.Dl   593  API
.Dl   690  SQL for Reporting
.Dl   779  Get images to dev box.
.Dl   848  testing ebs posting
.Dl $
.Sh BUGS
.Pp
When computing velocity, the last ticket owner wins.  If multiple
people charge hours to the same ticket, then the velocity computation
for that ticket will not be correct.  While it's possible to get in
actual and estimated hours by who posted them, but we didn't do it.
Instead, we use the policy that once you own a Trac ticket, you keep it.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr ebscp 1
.Xr ebsconf 5
.Rs
.%A Joel Spolsky
.%T "Evidence Based Scheduling"
.%J "http://www.joelonsoftware.com/items/2007/10/26.html"
.%D 2007
.Re
